---
title: Events
permalink: "/events/"
description: 
image: "/uploads/event-placeholder-03.jpg"
introduction-title: Events
introduction-body-text: 
category-1: tours
category-1-label: Tours
category-2: lectures
category-2-label: Lectures
category-3: lectures
category-3-label: Screenings
category-4: workshops
category-4-label: Workshops
category-5: parties
category-5-label: Parties
day-1: friday-beginning
day-1-label: Friday, Oct 20
day-2: saturday-beginning
day-2-label: Saturday, Oct 21
day-3: sunday
day-3-label: Sunday, Oct 22
day-4: monday
day-4-label: Monday, Oct 23
day-5: tuesday
day-5-label: Tuesday, Oct 24
day-6: wednesday
day-6-label: Wednesday, Oct 25
day-7: thursday
day-7-label: Thursday, Oct 26
day-8: friday-end
day-8-label: Friday, Oct 27
layout: pages/events
---

